So we have it on the page and there's
a bunch of stuff we could do here, right?
We could verify that there
are things on the page, right?
You might wanna say like,
is our company name on the page somewhere?
That seems like a reasonable
thing to check for.
You can verify the certain
elements on the page again.
The side get is effectively just jQuery.
And any selector is fair game so
if you wanna make sure I give an ID
a given even class if you needed to,
is on the page, you can do that.
The other really useful one
is side dot contains, right?
And side dot contains will let
you give it a string of text,
and basically say is this text
somewhere on the page, right?
So either one of those will work
in this case and let's do both.
So for instance, I might wanna verify
that there is a form on this page, right?
Sure, eventually, I think a lot of
times when I'm writing the test,
I will a lot of times
write tests like this.
And then I will delete them later cuz
like I'm kind of building up that
understanding.
A lot of times you do not especially
because integration tests are slower than
unit tests.
Like there's definitely like a new test
you like test every little thing in
a really granular it's like one assertion,
right?
There's a cost to spinning up visiting
the page, so on and so forth, right?
Which is I might start with a test
verifies that there's a form there.
But then once I have the test that
fills in the form and submits it,
that test is gonna fail if
it can't find the form.
So I don't need that first test anymore,
right?
You think more in terms of like things
that a user would do rather than
every other small unit.
But, I would be lying to you if I
didn't say that when I'm writing
the test a lot of times,
I will start very small, and
then I will delete some of those tests as
I have the more complicated things built.
And especially because we're learning,
it makes sense to do that so
it should, have a form, right?
This will allow us to kind of see
that first selector side I get.
Let's just say it doesn't have
a form element at all audit, right?
We could make sure it has the right one
with the test ID that we're looking for,
so on and so forth.
And I could say should exist, right?
So get this and
assert that it exists on the page.
All right, so the next caveat.
When I hit save on this test file, Cypress
will automatically rerun the tests for me.
However, when I go change my code,
Cypress doesn't know about that, right?
Because it's just visiting a URL,
it doesn't know that that button lives
in whatever component in your components
directory, so on and so forth, right?
So when I'm working on my tests,
it will automatically run them again.
There's a refresh button.
It's not a big deal when you're
working on the other stuff.
Let's be honest,
you are already cmd tabbing or
ctrl tabbing into the browser and
hitting cmd+R all the time anyway,
you might also have,
hot module reloading so on and so forth.
So we can run that and go back over.
And you can see that it was on the page
you can see all the different classes I
got added on to it, you highlight it,
you will see what form it was
talking about, so on and so forth.
Again, here we have this selection
playground where I can hover over anything
and I can get a slightly
kind of more granular view.
You can see I did a very good
job putting data attributes for
all the things that I might, or
you might want to use as we get to the
exercise part of the show in a little bit.
But we can also verify that,
the button says, add item on it or
something along those lines.
Next we will not use side I get,
we would use contains.
So we can flip back over and
we could say like it,
I don't know, should have the words.
In the beginning they're
gonna be a little contrived,
add item so here we do side I get or
decide I contains Add item,
it doesn't matter if it's a button
like you might use this for
the name, your application,
the company, so on and so forth.
In this case, it will go ahead and say do
these words appear anywhere on the page.
In this case, you can see that it does and
I'll even highlight where.